A martian spaceship was flying past the planet Earth. Suddenly the ship's engines began to fail and the Martians had to make an 
emergency landing on Earth. But the martians did not know the geography of the Earth well and landed right in the desert. 
To take off and continue their journey, they had to buy spare parts and repair the ship. It turned out that the nearest city was 
7 kilometers away. Martians could easily cover this distance, since they do not need water like humans, so they were not afraid to 
die of thirst, but they were afraid that the valuable cargo that they were carrying with them might fall into the hands of humans. 
And the weight of this cargo was not small either - as much as 713 kilograms. To hide the cargo from humans, the martians decided to 
put it in 3 boxes of different sizes and bury them in different places on the way to the city. To dig them back up, the martians 
decided to mark in kilometers at what distance from the spaceship they buried their cargo and how many kilograms are buried there. 
And to prevent humans from finding the cargo, they attached legs (very similar to octopus tentacles) to each box. If a human was 
nearby, these legs carried the box to another place where the cargo was not buried.

When the Martians reached the city and bought all the spare parts, suddenly they discovered that they had lost the map that marked 
where their valuable cargo was buried. Unexpectedly, a student who was studying in the IT department at Ala-Too University came to 
their rescue. He said he would write a console program that could help them find the cargo.

After some thought, the programmer realized that to write this program he should use one-dimensional arrays (he had just studied 
this topic at the university) and set to work. A couple of hours later, the program was ready! The martians had to enter 3 numbers 
one by one, which indicated a kilometer of the path where the box could be buried, and the program checked whether the cargo was 
there or not.


But everything turned out to be not as simple as the programmer thought. Every time when the program tried to check the entered 
kilometer mark, the whole cargo was moving to a new places, because each box had legs (i.e. tentacles). Then, in order not to spook 
the boxes, the program has had to be modified. The beginning was the same - the martians had to enter 3 numbers one by one, which 
indicated a kilometer of the path where the box could be buried, and the program would check these marks. But unfortunately, the 
new program could not tell which marks were correct and which were not, otherwise the boxes would change their locations again. 
Instead, the program could tell just the number of correctly guessed kilometer marks. The Martians had only to enter the marks over 
and over again and try to figure out which ones were correct.

But even here everything turned out not to be so simple. After 5 attempts legs (i.e., tentacles) were realizing that the valuable 
cargo was being tried to be figured out and therefore they were changing the location of all the boxes. Thus, to understand which 
marks are correct, the Martians had only 5 attempts, and after the boxes were scattered and it had to be calculated everything from 
the beginning. In case among these 5 attempts there was one where all marks were correct, the program would display a message that 
all boxes were found and should stop itâ€™s working.

Uh-huh, it wasn't easy, but after a bit of work, our guests from Mars were able to find all their boxes and thanked the university 
student. They liked how quickly he had done the job. They promised to contact him soon and offer to work on a joint intergalactic 
project.